How many trackers and permissions each application has?
  Instagram: 4 trackers, 73 permissions
  TikTok: 7 trackers, 49 permissions
  #Calendar: 8 trackers, 38 permissions

How many "dangerous" (runtime) and/or "special" permissions does each have? (Red exclamation mark, see these in Google's guide 15)
  Instagram: 14
  TikTok: 10
  #Calendar: 11

Did the applications have permission to access such data they could use or sell for monetary gain? Which permissions and trackers are these?
  Instagram
    trackers: Google Analytics
    permissions: ads, location, accounts, contacts, phone numbers, phone state, call log, external storage, record audio, camera, internet, 
  TikTok:
    trackers: AppsFlyer, Facebook Analytics, Google Firebase Analytics, IAB Open Measurement and Pangle
    permissions: ads, location, contacts, external storage, images, camera, audio, system alert window, internet, billing
  #Calendar
    trackers: Amazon Advertisement, AppLovin (MAX, SparkLabs), Facebook Ads, Google AdMob
    permissions: location, contacts, phone state, calendar, ad servises, internet, camera, phone calls, system alert window

Describe two attack vectors enabled by these permissions for each application, had an attacker gained access into the application and/or their database.
  Instagram:
  1. with contacts, phone numbers and call log attacker could impersonate the user and perform a phishing attack
  2. with location and media location attacker could find you home and work locations and sell them to third parties
  TikTok:
  1. using permissions for ads, attacker could manipulate advertising attribution systems. They could generate fraud installs or clicks and receive a revenue
  2. from images and external storage, attacker could find sensitive content and blackmail with it
  #Calendar:
  1. attacker collects location, contacts, calendar and ads data, builds a user profile and sells it for third parties
  2. attacker makes a phishing attack and financial scam by sending a deceptive overlay with system alert window 

Compare Android and iOS privacy labels (if it is available on both platforms) to your findings about trackers
  There's no mention of network, phone calls, external storage and many other in iOS privacy labels. 
